Mac Radinoff
I could always count on John for guidance with assurance that his words would be empathetic, well-spoken and informed. His warm personality and passion to the industry are qualities that will be impactful everywhere he goes



Taryn Ewens
John was one of my teachers assistants at General Assembly, and was an irreplaceable asset to my learning. His skills were clearly strongest in the back end, particularly with Ruby on Rails, but was always willing to help with any issue that arose for us students. If he didn't know the answer immediately, he would help us de-bug and we would work through the problem together. As students, we always felt confident going to John for any assistance.

Tech skills aside, John is an incredibly supportive, generous, and fun person to be around. He always knew what to say to make me feel more confident, and was always willing to stay back after hours to help whoever was in need. He is incredibly patient, and his communication skills in terms of explaining complex ideas to people without a tech background improved dramatically over the 3 months he was our teachers assistant.

John is the type of developer that is easy to get along with and communicate with, and I believe 100% that John would be a strong asset to any development team.


Mandy Tang
I had the pleasure of having John as a Teaching Assistant while studying Web Development at General Assembly.
John had the unenviable task of presenting exercises to, and debugging for, 23 code newbies, some of whom didn’t know how to table a question. This he accomplished with patience, wisdom and good humour. It’s my belief that John would be an asset to any team!


Jose Alcolea
Is a very passionate developer. His communication skills are excellent at his appetite for more knowledge is inspiring. Also his ability to adapt to new technologies make him a delight to work with.
John is, without doubt, the most helpful teacher that any student can have.


Katrina Hayes
```John was the teaching assistant for our Web Development Immersive course at GA. He provided me with excellent assistance and guidance throughout my course, both because he had a good understanding of the difficult concepts we were covering and because he was always approachable and friendly. I think John would make an excellent developer and co-worker. He is friendly, funny, and easy to communicate with.

When I came to John with bugs or blockers for my projects, or had difficulties in picking up the concepts we were learning, he was able to easily and quickly get to the heart of what I was having a problem with. I can't recall a single time that he wasn't able to help me fix whatever problem I was having or help me get a deeper and clearer understanding of the concept we were learning that day. John will be an asset wherever he ends up.```


Winnie Mach
```
Hey john

Here's the reference I wrote for you
Sorry it's late i'm horrible at writing stuff so kinda procrastinated it.
I was lucky enough to have John as my teaching assistant during my time at GA, I feel that were it not for John, I would not be where I am today.

John has a habit of doing things that he enjoys repeatedly, a crazy number of times that a lot of us cannot even comprehend, tyring to figure out better solutions for his existing solutions. An example is the MTA, one of the major coding challenges we were given at GA. John has demonstrated from his number of different solutions that he is indeed very passionate, loves challenges and will go above and beyond.

John is also very experienced with debugging as he the that all 26 members of our class approached for help in debugging our code. Every. Single. Day. And he was able to help us with a lot of our problems. He an exceptional problem solver, and even in the times where he couldn't figure out a solution to one of my problems on the spot, he would go off and research, experiment until he comes back with a solution. John would never let a problem beat him.

Besides John's skills and experience, he also has a lot of personal qualities. He is able to effectively translate very difficult concepts to the complete beginner. He has an admirable amount of patience which I have tried and tested throughout my journey at GA. John was also my go to person when I was having self doubts, when I was panicking over silly things - John would be there to reassure me and that was one of the biggest drives that enabled me to get through GA.

I believe very strongly that John will be nothing short of an impressive developer that any workplace would benefit from having.  (edited)
Fun fact: John is part of a band so he can provide an endless amount of entertainment to your workplace :D
```
